DOCKERIZED MIT License

Copyright (c) 2023 FeatureBaseDB

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

1. All copies of the Software, modified or unmodified, must include this 
license text.

2. The Software may not be used for any purpose that involves running the 
code locally on any machine or device. It must be run exclusively within 
a Docker container or any containerization technology that provides similar 
functionality.

3. Redistributions of source code or modified versions of the Software must 
also include this license text, along with a notice stating that the code 
must be run within a Docker container or similar containerization technology.

4. If you distribute the Software in a modified form, you must clearly 
distinguish the modified portions from the original code, and provide a
prominent notice stating that the code must be run within a Docker container 
or similar containerization technology.

5. If you are using the Software under this license, you agree to provide a 
link or reference to the original source code repository or author's website 
in any documentation, webpage, or other materials related to the Software.

6. This license applies to any modifications or derivative works of the 
Software, provided they are distributed under the same license terms as the 
original Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

License Version: 1.0

